Break out the incident settings into separate pages (#25485)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/incident_settings/property_fields.md

---
title: Property Fields
---

## Overview

> Custom property fields enable you to capture important attributes unique to your organization. Whether it's specific product models in the automotive industry or unique codes in a software deployment, detailed custom fields help in efficiently categorizing and resolving incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom property fields enable you to capture important attributes unique to your organization, such as specific product models in the automotive industry or unique codes in a software deployment. These attributes help you efficiently categorize incidents.
```

just adjusting the marketing tone

## Incident details page

Property fields are organized into three tables that correspond to where the fields appear in the [Overview tab][1] of the Incident Details page:

1. `What Happened`
2. `Why It Happened`
3. `Attributes`

You can move any property field into a different table or reorder them in the same table by dragging and dropping the field using the drag handle icon. Preview what your property fields look like by clicking the **Preview** button on the top right.

## Fields

{{< img src="/service_management/incidents/incident_settings/settings_property_fields.png" alt="Property Field Settings" style="width:100%;">}}

Property fields are key pieces of metadata you can tag your incidents with. This makes it easier to search for specific subsets of incidents on the [Homepage][2] and make more robust queries in [Incident Management Analytics][3]. There are five default fields:

| Fields                   | Description |
| ----------------------   | ----------- | 
|**Detection&nbsp;Method** | Add context on how this incident was declared.||
|**Summary**               | Provide details on what happened to cause this incident.||

> |**Root&nbsp;Cause**       | List out possible root causes or areas for investigation.||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Root&nbsp;Cause**       | List possible root causes or areas for investigation.||
```

> |**Services**              | If you have [Datadog APM][4] configured, the `Services` property field automatically leverages your APM Service names. To edit the values of `Services`, upload a CSV of the values you wish to associate with each field. Your CSV file must start with your field's name in the top row, with the desired values listed immediately below it. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Services**              | If you have [Datadog APM][4] configured, the `Services` property field automatically uses your APM Service names. To edit the values of `Services`, upload a CSV of the values you wish to associate with each field. Your CSV file must start with your field's name in the top row, with the desired values listed immediately below it. | 
```
